capital = 328

recruit_character = Dongbei_Wu_Chuan
recruit_character = DongBei_zhou_shumo
recruit_character = Dongbei_Zhu_Hezhong
recruit_character = Dongbei_Zhang_Shaozeng
recruit_character = Dongbei_ye_sheng
recruit_character = DongBei_Lan_Tianwei
recruit_character = DongBei_wu_luzhen
recruit_character = DongBei_deng_zhenyong
recruit_character = DongBei_wu_xiangzhen
recruit_character = DongBei_meng_xianyi
recruit_character = DongBei_yuan_jiasheng
recruit_character = DongBei_xie_limin
recruit_character = DongBei_mihail_martinov
recruit_character = DongBei_zhang_xiaozhun
recruit_character = DongBei_felix_dzerzhinsky
recruit_character = DongBei_yakov_sverdlov
recruit_character = DongBei_mihail_frunze
recruit_character = DongBei_max_hoffmann
recruit_character = DongBei_liang_tingdong
recruit_character = DongBei_song_yuntong
recruit_character = DongBei_bing_bucheng
recruit_character = DongBei_zhang_yunrong
recruit_character = DongBei_xia_yang
recruit_character = DongBei_wang_baozhen
recruit_character = DongBei_li_dazhao
recruit_character = DongBei_chen_duxiu
recruit_character = DongBei_mao_zedong

recruit_character = Dongbei_paul_von_lettowvorbeck
recruit_character = DongBei_song_xiaolian
recruit_character = DongBei_zhang_tingge
recruit_character = DongBei_luo_guorui
recruit_character = DongBei_zhu_zhuquan
recruit_character = DongBei_cheng_shizhao
recruit_character = DongBei_situ_biru
recruit_character = DongBei_feng_ru
recruit_character = DongBei_jiang_baili
recruit_character = DongBei_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = DongBei_geng_jinwen

give_military_access = RUS # Russian Influence
give_military_access = CHI # Same Revolution

set_politics = {
    ruling_party = communism
    last_election = "1910.1.1"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 22
    fascism = 5
    communism = 40
    neutrality = 33
}
set_technology = {
	#infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	#bicycle_infantry = 1
	
	#support
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	
	#armored
	early_armored_car = 1
	
	#artillery
	gw_artillery = 1
	howitzer1 = 1
	
	#doctrine
	bayonet_assault = 1
	mass_cavalry_raid = 1
	large_scale_offensive = 1
	last_stand = 1
	large_scale_breakthrough = 1
	
	#navy
	transport = 1

	#air
	early_fighter = 1
	airship_bomber = 1
	
	#engineering
	electrical_engineering = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	radio = 1
	analytical_engine = 1
	mechanical_engineering = 1
	aircraft_engine = 1
	generator_battery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	DongBei_idea_xinhai_revolution
	DongBei_idea_support_for_revolution
	DongBei_idea_german_officer
	DongBei_idea_communists_officer
	DongBei_idea_german_debt
	DongBei_idea_american_debt
	DongBei_idea_russian_debt
}