capital = 195

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5
set_convoys = 28

starting_train_buffer = 3

recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_lenin
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_chernov
recruit_character = SOV_peoples_council

recruit_character = SOV_yakov_sverdlov
recruit_character = SOV_leon_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_iosif_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_felix_dzerzhinsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_sergo_ordzhonikidze
recruit_character = SOV_mihail_frunze
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_egorov
recruit_character = SOV_vasiliy_blucher
recruit_character = SOV_vasiliy_chapaev
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_kotovskiy
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_dybenko
recruit_character = SOV_gaya_gai
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_vitaliy_primakov
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedko
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_vostretzov
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_parhomenko
recruit_character = SOV_epifan_kovtyuh
recruit_character = SOV_jan_fabricius
recruit_character = SOV_iona_yakir
recruit_character = SOV_robert_eideman
recruit_character = SOV_august_kork
recruit_character = SOV_ieronim_uborevich
recruit_character = SOV_ioakim_vazetis
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_orlov
recruit_character = SOV_lev_galler
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_ozolin
recruit_character = SOV_eduard_pancerjanskiy
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_kireev
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_tributs
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_ovseenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergei_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_sergei_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_zinoviev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_georgiy_chicherin
recruit_character = SOV_leon_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_alexey_ryikov
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_arseniy_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_nogin

recruit_character = SOV_alexander_antonov

recruit_character = SOV_Wu_Chuan
recruit_character = SOV_ye_sheng
recruit_character = SOV_xia_yang


set_technology = {
	#infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	#bicycle_infantry = 1
	
	#support
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	
	#armored
	early_armored_car = 1
	
	#artillery
	gw_artillery = 1
	howitzer1 = 1
	
	#doctrine
	bayonet_assault = 1
	mass_cavalry_raid = 1
	large_scale_offensive = 1
	last_stand = 1
	large_scale_breakthrough = 1
	
	#navy
	transport = 1

	#air
	early_fighter = 1
	airship_bomber = 1
	
	#engineering
	electrical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	analytical_engine = 1
	mechanical_engineering = 1
	aircraft_engine = 1
	generator_battery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	election_frequency = 48 
	elections_allowed = no 
}
set_popularities = {
    communism = 47
	democratic = 28
	fascism = 1
	neutrality = 24
}

add_ideas = {
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	SOV_idea_great_revolution
	SOV_idea_orthodox_church
	SOV_idea_unrecognized_government
	SOV_idea_very_low_peasant_support
	SOV_idea_agrarian_state	
	SOV_idea_revolutionary_commanders
}	
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Yakov Blumkin"
		GFX = GFX_SOV_yakov_blyumkin
		traits = {  operative_escape_artist operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV UKR ISR }
	}
}
